Create tck_challenge.md (#217)
eclipse-ee4j/jta-api: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/tck_challenge.md

---
name: TCK Challenge
about: Create a TCK Challenge
title: ''
labels: 'challenge'
assignees: ''

---

> 

Author: I don't quite understand what you meant. It is not my aim to prompt people to review the process. If you want to achieve that, please feel free to propose a PR.

> 

Author: If someone came here to raise a challenge, they might have visited the tck process.

> 

Reviewer: It is important that the challenge is filed by an appropriate person: https://jakarta.ee/committees/specification/tckprocess/#_who_can_file_a_challenge - is there someway that during raising the challenge information can be provided so it can be verified an implementor is raising the issue?

I think you should also provide space for the other parts of the requirements when filing a challenge:
https://jakarta.ee/committees/specification/tckprocess/#_filing_a_challenge. I think most of this fits nicely in your format but perhaps the following should have their own sections?:
* The relevant specification version and section number(s)
* The implementation being tested, including name and company (maybe this is the first part of this comment?)

**Challenged tests**
List the challenged tests with the fully qualified classnames and then the test methods, e.g.

> ee.jakarta.tck.faces.test.javaee7.multiFieldValidation.Spec1IT#testFailingPreconditionsNotAfterAllInputComponents

Reviewer 2: Use a fake package name.

> ee.jakarta.tck.faces.test.javaee7.multiFieldValidation.Spec1IT#testFailingPreconditionsNotAfterAllInputComponents

Author: ```suggestion
ee.jakarta.tck.wombat.MyTest#testSomething
```

**TCK Version**

> Specify the version of the TCK, e.g. Jakarta Faces 4.0.x

Author: ```suggestion
Specify the version of the TCK, e.g. Jakarta Transactions 2.x
```

> Specify the version of the TCK, e.g. Jakarta Transactions 2.x

Reviewer: I _guess_ this could be `Jakarta Wombat 2.x` given line 12.

But even if you agree with the consistency, before making that change I am wondering if we would not prefer to have transactions in here rather than wombat to help people understand how to raise the challenge on this project [rather than generically describing "wombat"]?

What do you think?

> Specify the version of the TCK, e.g. Jakarta Transactions 2.x

Author: ```suggestion
Specify the version of the TCK, e.g. Jakarta Wombat x.x
```

> Specify the version of the TCK, e.g. Jakarta Faces 4.0.x

Reviewer 2: Use a fake spec name. That way you can get rid of the `e.g.`
